README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Stavros 👋

## I'm a University Student, Learner, Developer, and Musician!!!

- 🔭 I just started learning programming... this February to be exact!
- 🌱 I’m currently learning everything 🤣
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with other software engeneers
- 🥅 2021 Goals: Contribute more to Open Source projects
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to coding(daaa!) and play guitar / sing

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Facebook" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Facebook" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/facebook.svg" />][facebook]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Instagram" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Twitter" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | LinkedIn" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Vue" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vue/vue.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Yii2" width="26px" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/993323" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/postgresql/postgresql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="VIM" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vim/vim.png" />

<br />
<br />

<!--<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="Stavros's GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats-snikoletopoulos.vercel.app/api?username=snikoletopoulos&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />

</details> -->

[facebook]: https://facebook.com/Nikero41
[instagram]: http://instagram.com/snikoletopoulos
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/snikoletopoulos
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/snikoletopoulos

Commit message:

Fix typo and change first bullet

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Stavros 👋

## I'm a University Student, Learner, Developer, and Musician!!!

- 🔭 One year since my first, real, line of code 💪
- 🌱 I’m currently learning everything 🤣
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate with other software engineers
- 🥅 2021 Goals: Contribute more to Open Source projects
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love to coding(daaa!) and play guitar / sing

### Connect with me:

[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Facebook" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Facebook" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/facebook.svg" />][facebook]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Instagram" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Instagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Twitter" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" title="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | LinkedIn" alt="Stavros Nikoletopoulos | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

<br />

### Languages and Tools:

<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Sass" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sass/sass.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Vue" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vue/vue.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GraphQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/graphql/graphql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PHP" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/php/php.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Yii2" width="26px" src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/993323" />
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="PostgreSQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/postgresql/postgresql.png" />
<img align="left" alt="MongoDB" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mongodb/mongodb.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<img align="left" alt="VIM" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vim/vim.png" />

<br />
<br />

<!--<details>
  <summary>:zap: GitHub Stats</summary>

  <img align="left" alt="Stavros's GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats-snikoletopoulos.vercel.app/api?username=snikoletopoulos&show_icons=true&hide_border=true" />

</details> -->

[facebook]: https://facebook.com/Nikero41
[instagram]: http://instagram.com/snikoletopoulos
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/snikoletopoulos
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/snikoletopoulos
